Add golangci-lint task (#7278)
kyma-project/test-infra: task/golangci-lint/0.1/README.md

# Unit Tests for Go Code

> The golangci-lint Task runs a golang linter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The golangci-lint Task runs a Golang linter.
```

> Task is tailored to be triggered by prow as a prowjob.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The task is tailored to be triggered by Prow as a ProwJob.
```

It uses a golangci-lint tool.

> The golangci tool config is stored in the .golangci.yaml file in a repository hosting tested code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The GolangCI tool config is stored in the `.golangci.yaml` file in a repository hosting tested code.
```

## Compatibility

> - **Tekton** v0.36.0 and above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Tekton v0.36.0 and above
```

## Install

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/test-infra/main/task/golangci-lint/0.1/golangci-lint.yaml
```

## Workspaces

> - **`repo`**: The workspace where sources to test are stored. Usually this it should be a shared workspace with other

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **repo**: The workspace where tested sources are stored. Usually, this should be a workspace shared  with other
```

  tasks. _(REQUIRED)_

## Parameters

> - **`REPO_OWNER`**: GitHub org that triggered the prowjob. Variable set by prow. Prow will not set this variable if the
>   prowjob type is periodic. In that case an empty string default value will be used. _(OPTIONAL, default: "")_
> - **`REPO_NAME`**: GitHub repo that triggered the prowjob. Variable set by prow. Prow will not set this variable if the
>   prowjob type is periodic. In that case an empty string default value will be used. _(OPTIONAL, default: "")_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`REPO_OWNER`**: GitHub org that triggers the ProwJob. A variable set by Prow. Prow does not set this variable if the
  ProwJob type is periodic. In that case, an empty string default value is used.  _(OPTIONAL, default: "")_
- **`REPO_NAME`**: GitHub repo that triggers the ProwJob. A variable set by Prow. Prow does not set this variable if the
  ProwJob type is periodic. In that case, an empty string default value is used. _(OPTIONAL, default: "")_
```

## Platforms

> The Pipeline can be run on `linux/amd64` platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the Pipeline on the `linux/amd64` platform.
```

## Usage

See the following samples for usage:

> - **[`prowjob-linting-go-code.yaml`](samples/prowjob-linting-go-code.yaml)**: A presubmit prowjob configured to run
>   golang linter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`prowjob-linting-go-code.yaml`](samples/prowjob-linting-go-code.yaml): A presubmit ProwJob configured to run
  a Golang linter.
```

## Contributing

We ❤ contributions.

> This task is maintained at [kyma-project/test-infra](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra). Issues, pull requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This task is maintained in the [`Test Infra`](https://github.com/kyma-project/test-infra) repository. Issues, pull requests
```

# Unit Tests for Go Code

The golangci-lint Task runs a Golang linter.
The task is tailored to be triggered by Prow as a ProwJob.
It uses a golangci-lint tool.
The GolangCI tool config is stored in the `.golangci.yaml` file in a repository hosting tested code.
The task does not accept additional parameters to configure the linter. By default, it runs linter against all modules
found under task working directory.

## Compatibility

- Tekton v0.36.0 and above

## Install

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/test-infra/main/task/golangci-lint/0.1/golangci-lint.yaml

> ```

Reviewer 2: URL return 404 for me :/

Author: Because this file is added in this PR. It doesn't exist under this path until we merge PR.

> # Unit Tests for Go Code

Reviewer 3: Title is incorrect. Should describe golangci-lint task.

The golangci-lint Task runs a Golang linter.
The task is tailored to be triggered by Prow as a ProwJob.
It uses a golangci-lint tool.

> The GolangCI tool config is read from the `.golangci.yaml` file located in a root of repository hosting tested code.

Reviewer 3: There's inconsistency in tool naming. You should refer this tool as it's official name `golangci-lint`, not `GolangCI`

The task does not accept additional parameters to configure the linter. By default, it runs linter against all modules
found under task working directory.
The task was designed to be used against monorepos, but it can be used against repositories with single module as well.

## Compatibility

- Tekton v0.36.0 and above

## Install

```shell
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kyma-project/test-infra/main/task/golangci-lint/0.1/golangci-lint.yaml
```

## Workspaces

- **repo**: The workspace where tested sources are stored. Usually, this should be a workspace shared  with other
  tasks. _(REQUIRED)_

## Parameters

- **`REPO_OWNER`**: GitHub org that triggers the ProwJob. A variable set by Prow. Prow does not set this variable if the
  ProwJob type is periodic. In that case, an empty string default value is used.  _(OPTIONAL, default: "")_

> - **`REPO_NAME`**: GitHub repo that triggers the ProwJob. A variable set by Prow. Prow does not set this variable if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`REPO_NAME`**: GitHub repository that triggers the ProwJob. A variable set by Prow. Prow does not set this variable if the
```
